The other big thing was the call centers.
You could have a group
of people supporting all
the traffic that comes to
a specific company, Walmarts,
or Microsoft, and
provide all these services.
And, this is actually where
a lot of good paying jobs
went from US to other countries.
And, this was such a big cultural
thing that politicians talk about it,
movies were made about this.
This is a movie where a guy from
Seattle had to go to India and
train his own replacement and
the other big thing from an inter
price perspective was customer
relationship management software,
there were so many middleware software for
all different aspects of the business that
was essentially enabled
by this SS7 digital
telephony architecture.
So I don't want to beat the point anymore,
but
just wanted to give this example
of 411 Directory Assistance.
The previous examples were mostly
revenue making businesses,
but 411 is a revenue preserving
business in the sense,
when people call 411 and
wanted directory assistance.
You still had the operators who
were there to manage the lines.
And one of the things that the SS7
architecture allows you
is when you're still holding the call,
you could actually get the voice,
the callers voice and
do things like speech recognition, and
a lot of these things for
voice enable services
went on to appear in Siri,
Cortana, okay Google.
So many of other things that we see now.
And one of the things that's
been really difficult
in all of this is cracking how
voice user interface would work.
For graphical user interface you
have a big screen and very precise
pointing devices like mouse,
keyboard, touchpad.
It's not so with voice.
You're limited to only one ear with
the telephone and you're using only voice,
so the research on this still continue and
I think
there will be a lot more research and
new products and services in this area.